[AKI groaning]
[HIMENO]
Take this instead.
[AKI] It rots your bones,
and I need mine.
[HIMENO] I have a hunch this is
gonna be a long partnership,
so it'd be awesome
if you smoked.
[AKI]
I'm only smoking one.
This is the first and last
cigarette I'll ever light up.
Yes, I win!
Here, use my lighter.
[AKI] Pretty terrible mentoring,
forcing a minor to smoke.
Wait, you're a minor?
[AKI]
Uh, yeah?
Well, obviously,
smoking's out for you, duh!
[sighs]
Give it here.
I'll just hafta hang onto this.
Back in the pack it goes.
I'll return it one day, though.
As soon as you're
a full-fledged grownup
ready for a good addiction.
[AKI panting]
[AKI] The Ghost Devil
doesn't have eyes.
It uses fear to see.
Thanks for explaining
that, Himeno.
[gasps]
[AKI]
Himeno.
I'll be with you soon.
[AKI grunts]
Snake--!
Don't.
[gasps]
Kobeni, why stay with the force
when you could've left?
Because our bonuses are
right around the corner.
[DENJI]
Hm?
Ew, gross!
Huh? If it's meat, I eat.
Bovine, porcine, human--
it matters not!
It sure as hell does!
[DENJI]
You better not try to munch on
that Samurai Sword dude.
Our mission is to capture him.
Got it?
They haven't seen we're here.
Don't make any loud noises.
[POWER] You stand in
the presence of Power!
Huh?!
We'll defeat them
with ease. 'Tis a battle!
[ZOMBIES groan]
Denji. Take heart and follow me.
My back is yours to protect!
[POWER grunts]
Ha! What say you now?
I have not fled!
I am proud and beautiful!
[POWER]
A worthy adversary appears.
Denji. Observe.
Bear witness to this day!
And tell the tale of Power,
the greatest of them all!
[POWER cackling]
[yawns]
Been lookin' for you, Sideburns.
Whoa, whoa, hold on a sec.
Let's you and I have a chat.
[DENJI]
Hm?
Based on how you
decide to play it,
we're willin' to give up
'n' turn ourselves in.
We just want a little closure
to take summa the sting
outta this anger.
[SAMURAI SWORD]
Denji, it's no secret you killed
their friends and my granddad.
Why not atone and
right your wrongs?
I mean, somebody else
killed 'em first.
Those guys were zombified, dude.
Don't you fucking lie!
Little shits like you
are always blowin' smoke!
All right, fine.
Say that whole zombie scenario
was the hard truth.
They were still human at
one point. And you killed 'em.
Don't you feel the slightest
shred of remorse?
Nah, I'm good.
[SAMURAI SWORD chuckles]
Y'know, I've been put through
the wringer, too.
Sawatari replaced my heart
with the Katana Devil somehow.
But even I have trouble
sleepin' on nights
when I've slipped up
and sent zombies
on another trip
to the afterlife.
I ain't completely heartless.
But I guess that just
makes one of us, huh?
If you got any kind of
conscience left in there,
you should do the world
a favor and let us kill you.
No thanks.
Then that's that.
I'll carve up your
scrawny ass even more!
I'd like to see you try!
Heh, heh!
[DENJI]
Heh heh!
What the--?
[DENJI] Thought my
scrawny ass was grass.
What happened, huh? I'm waiting!
[DENJI yells]
[SAMURAI SWORD]
Die!
[SAMURAI SWORD grunts]
[SAMURAI SWORD grunting]
[DENJI grunts]
[DENJI gasps]
[SAMURAI SWORD grunts]
[DENJI groans]
You're lookin' a lot
sharper than before.
Tell me, what's the reason
that keeps you fighting?
[DENJI] I wanna protect
my new lifestyle. I guess?
Ah, so you've been livin' the
good life with Public Safety?
Eh. It ain't all good.
Hafta put up with
a nag and a brat.
But, hey. Could be worse.
So, like it or not,
I'm kickin' your ass.
Miss Makima'll praise me
all day for it.
Cocky for someone who
has no hope of winning.
What? You really think
you've got me beat already?
If I got a pulse,
I got a chance!
You got nothing!
[yells]
[SAMURAI SWORD grunts]
Huh? Where is he?
[PASSENGERS gasp]
[CONDUCTOR A]
Due to an incident...
[DENJI]
Get off!
[CONDUCTOR A] Please evacuate
in an orderly fashion
once the doors open.
[DENJI gasps]
[SAMURAI SWORD grunts]
[CONDUCTOR A] Please evacuate
in an orderly fashion
once the doors open.
Huh?!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
[PASSENGER A gasps]
[screams]
[panting]
Dude, that move's banned,
starting now!
You wish.
[DENJI panting]
You're done.
Can't fight without your arms,
so how 'bout it, Denji?
[SAMURAI SWORD] Why not
use your last few breaths
to apologize for
killin' Granddad?
Who says I can't still fight?
The chainsaw on my head
is all I need to end this!
Moron!
[SAMURAI SWORD] Didn't my
granddad ever teach you
to know when to quit?
Grovel for his mercy and I'll
put you outta your misery.
[DENJI] You put the
"dick" in predictable
and went for my head
like a dipshit!
Huh?
Didn't that rotten
old geezer ever teach ya?
Beasts should know better
than to trust what
a hunter says!
Shoulda gone for
the legs, suckah!
[SAMURAI SWORD groaning]
[footsteps]
[DENJI]
Well, look who's awake.
We really are alike.
Who would've thunk it, huh?
When I pulled that katana
out of your arm,
the halves of your body
stuck right back together.
You're dead.
I swear I'll fucking kill you!
Boy, sore losers
sure love to bark loud.
I gotta stand guard till
the cops come and grab you,
but that isn't the only reason
why I stuck around.
I'm not all that satisfied
with just defeating you.
Don't think I forgot
the awful things you did.
Himeno's dead cuz of you.
Meaning your stupid ass
robbed the world
of one serious hottie.
And now you're gonna
live out your life in jail
without being sorry for it?
That won't leave
a good taste in my mouth.
You talk like you can
do something about it,
but you're just
Public Safety's mutt!
[DENJI gasps]
How's about a 'lil contest?
Huh?
[AKI]
Contest?
Huh? Hey, perfect timing!
Hayakawa, Squad Four.
Target is restrained
on the train tracks,
the ones in front of
the clock tower.
Send backup.
[DENJI] Wanna get in
on this, too, Hayakawa?
I guarantee it'll be the tits!
What the hell
are you talking about?
[DENJI]
I figured since he shot Himeno,
we should get to
take shots at him.
It's only fair, yeah?
Except it'll be like a contest!
We'll take turns giving him
the hardest nut shots we can,
and whoever gets
the loudest scream outta him
before the cops show up
is the winner!
What kinda psycho are you?
[DENJI chuckles]
[AKI sighs]
What? You ain't gonna play?
[AKI]
Our job is to catch this guy,
and we're still on a mission.
We shouldn't torture him to
make ourselves feel better.
Not like it'll bring her back.
I doubt she would even approve.
Huh. Oh, yeah?
[AKI]
So.
What do I get if I'm the winner?
Heh. I thought his family jewels
would make for a nice prize!
[AKI chuckles]
[SAMURAI SWORD] Wait. You--
You aren't really gonna do it,
are you? Guys, come on--!
[sighs]
[yawns]
[screams]
[DENJI]
Yeah!
[AKI] Himeno. Can you
hear this up in heaven?
[AKI grunts]
[screams]
[AKI]
It's a requiem from us to you.
[MAKIMA] These terrorist
attacks were instigated
by a former Devil Hunter
from the private sector
named Akane Sawatari.
She had a contract
with the Gun Devil
and distributed firearms
to the yakuza,
but the payment she
demanded wasn't monetary.
She apparently wanted
the Chainsaw Devil's heart
in exchange for the guns.
Is that all? You stopped
before you explained
why that girl was after
the Chainsaw Devil's heart.
Unfortunately, we lost
our chance to ask.
[gasps]
[screams]
[EXECUTIVE B]
Suicide, huh?
[MAKIMA] Perhaps triggered
automatically by some
stipulation in her contract
with the Gun Devil.
On the upside,
we recovered 1.4 kilograms
of Gun Devil flesh
from the building.
After combining that
with the five kilograms
already in Public
Safety's possession,
our piece, at long last,
gravitated toward the main body.
[EXECUTIVE B]
Then it's finally time.
Just where is it headed, though?
[snoring]
[DENJI panting]
[DENJI]
It's that same dream.
[DENJI] I always have it
and then I always forget it.
[POCHITA]
Denji.
[DENJI gasps]
Pochita? Come on out!
Why're ya hidin'?
Can I at least pet you
in a dream, buddy?
[POCHITA]
Stop.
Don't open that door
no matter what.
[REZE]
Tell me, Denji.
If you had to choose between
the country mouse
and the city mouse,
which would you rather be?